fix #1541: Improve deprecation messages (#1548)
vuejs/vue-test-utils: docs/api/wrapper-array/isVueInstance.md

## isVueInstance

::: warning Deprecation warning
`isVueInstance` is deprecated and will be removed in future releases.

> Most of the times, tests relying on `isVueInstance` provide little to no-value so you could simply remove them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests relying on the `isVueInstance` assertion provide little to no value. We suggest replacing them with purposeful assertions.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestions, @JessicaSachs! very much appreciated 🤗
